hi i'm lee labrada your lean body coach
this is week four of your lean body
challenge and today I'd like to talk
about faith faith is a word that brings
many feelings to surface perhaps that's
because faith taps into nor inner self
our soul and our emotions over the years
I've seen people embark on exercise and
diet programs with enthusiasm only to
let themselves quit a few weeks later
why does this happen I think that when
most people push themselves out of their
physical comfort zone they expect an
immediate return on their efforts people
are willing to go to great lengths to
look better and feel better but very few
continue with their sacrifice if they
don't see immediate results the problem
is that often there's a lag between the
time that you start with your exercise
program and when you actually begin
seeing results this is because the
changes that take place during the first
few weeks are usually not immediately
visible to the eye fat is being burned
away from your internal organs and in
between muscle fibers at the same time
your muscles are strengthening but it
takes a few weeks before the effects are
pronounced enough to see them through
your skin when you look in the mirror
and that's where faith comes in you just
have to believe that it's going to
happen and I promise you that it will
hang in there for a few more weeks and
you'll see amazing changes in your body
so don't give up to keep your faith in
momentum going do these things number
one mark the 12-week end date of your
lean body challenge on the calendar and
cross off each day as you finish your
workouts congratulate yourself for
making it through each day as it brings
you closer and closer to your personal
goal number two refer back to your
before picture make up your mind to
forge ahead and to leave the old you
behind post pictures of someone else who
has a body that you aspire to achieve
somewhere where you can see them every
day I keep those pictures on a bathroom
mirror or on the refrigerator to keep
myself motivated number three if you
mess up on your diet or miss a workout
don't worry just don't give up pick up
right where you left off the next day
and keep plowing ahead things won't be
perfect all the time so remember it's
progress not perfection
number four lean on your training
partner for support if you have one and
number five measure yourself if you're
losing inches or body fat
congratulations if you're not don't
despair just give it a little bit more
time if you're following the lean body
challenge program to a tee the results
will come and finally if you have any
questions or need help you can email us
at ask lee at LeBron Oh calm and a
certified labrada personal trainer will
respond to your questions i'm lee
labrada your lean body coach wishing you
a successful week
you